HTTP Requests & Responses

1. What type of architecture does the HTTP request and response process occur in?
   Client-server architecture. Requests are made from the client to the server then are returned back to the client.

2. What are the different parts of an HTTP request?
   Request line, header, and body.

3. Which part of an HTTP request is optional? 
   The request body.

4. What are the three parts of an HTTP response?
   The status line, response header and body.

5. Which number class of status codes represents errors?
   400 & 500.

6. What are the two most common request methods that a security professional will encounter?
   Post and get methods.

7. Which type of HTTP request method is used for sending data?
   Post request method.

8. Which part of an HTTP request contains the data being sent to the server?
   The request body.

9. In which part of an HTTP response does the browser receive the web code to generate and style a web page?
   Response body. 


Using CURL

10. What are the advantages of using curl over the browser?
    Curl can be repeated, automated, & edited while being used.

11. Which curl option is used to change the request method?
    Curl -x.

12. Which curl option is used to set request headers?
    Curl -h.

13. Which curl option is used to view the response header?
    Curl -i.

14. Which request method might an attacker use to figure out which HTTP requests an HTTP server will accept?
    Get or options.


SESSIONS & COOKIES

15. Which response header sends a cookie to the client?
    HTTP/1.1 200 OK
    Content-type: text/html
    Set-Cookie: cart=Bob

    Set-Cookie sends cookie to client.

16. Which request header will continue the client's session?
    GET /cart HTTP/1.1
    Host: www.example.org
    Cookie: cart=Bob

    Cookie will save/continue the client's session.


EXAMPLE HTTP REQUESTS & RESPONSES

17. What is the request method?
    Post.

18. Which header expresses the client's preference for an encrypted response?
    Upgrade-insecure-requests 1.

19. Does the request have a user session associated with it?
    No.

20. What kind of data is being sent from this request body?
    Login.

21. What is the response status code?
    200.

22. What web server is handling this HTTP response?
    Apache.

23. Does this response have a user session associated to it?
    Yes, cookie sessionid=5.

24. What kind of content is likely to be in the [page content] response body?
    Text/web code.

25. If your class covered security headers, what security request headers have been included?
    Strict transport security, or XSS protection.


MONOLITHS & MICROSERVICES

26. What are the individual components of microservices called?
    Services.

27. What is a service that writes to a database and communicates to other services?
    An API service.

28. What type of underlying technology allows for microservices to become scalable and have redundancy?
    Containers.


DEPLOYING & TESTING A CONTAINER SET

29. What tool can be used to deploy multiple containers at once?
    Docker.

30. What kind of file format is required for us to deploy a container set?
    YAML, .yml.


DATABASES

31. Which type of SQL query would we use to see all of the information within a table called customers?
    Select & from customers.

32. Which type of SQL query would we use to enter new data into a table? (You don't need a full query, just the first part of the statement.)
    Insert.

33. Why would we never run DELETE FROM <table-name>; by itself?
    Deletes all tables.














